hi my name is Oscar toilets and I'm with
Oceanic and i'm here to show you the
HERA weight integrated hybrid women's bc
designed by women the hair bc has many
features and benefits it is a hybrid DC
so it has both the rear inflation it
also has air that comes through the side
area so you get the comfort of a rear
inflation but still the stability of a
jacket so it's kind of a crossover
you're going to find in this woman's bc
that you're going to find a nice patty
all the way through to the lumbar
section we're going to fun padding on
the inside area to for comfort we have a
depth compensating cumberbund so at
depth you don't have to worry about
redoing your cummerbund it will just
compensate for it you have a buckle
system on the front you have a sternum
strap that you can put up on the high
end or on the lower end here it has the
heavy-duty d-rings padded shoulder area
padded neck area it also has nice big
pockets on both sides to put anything
that you want inside this woman's bc has
a qlr weight system but it also has a
unique feature if you notice on the side
here that is angled up a little bit so
you're not going against gravity you're
able to slide it right in through the
top so you're not fighting against
really on the back end you're going to
find two non double five-pound pouches
right on the tank area on a rigid system
nice and comfortable makes it
streamlined and you're able to put 10
pounds on each side of the front area
which is dumping the hair bc has all the
bells and whistles it has a grommet
system to place your night also on the
other side it has a retractor system
that you're able to place a retractor
for easy use on the top area you're
going to find a dump system through the
corrugated hose on the left side and a
pool ball system on the right side and
on the back all of oceanic species are a
donut shape so if your inverted and
allowing the air to go out it'll go out
through one side it doesn't have to
worry about a horseshoe or wiggle back
and forth so we have a full doughnut
system the hair bc is unique
designed with this custom harness system
most women have different torsos so
you're able to lengthen the torso or
shorten the torso for more comfort and
better fit of the vc if you're looking
for one of the most innovative and
comfortable BCS on the market for women
designed by women the hair bc would be
your choice